Updating destroy plan behavior (#1114)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/cloud/run/states.html.md

- If the plan succeeded and requires changes:
    - If cost estimation is enabled, the run proceeds automatically to the cost estimation stage.
    - If cost estimation is disabled and [Sentinel policies][] are enabled, the run proceeds automatically to the policy check stage.

>     - If there are no Sentinel policies and the plan can be auto-applied, the run proceeds automatically to the apply stage. (Plans can be auto-applied if the auto-apply setting is enabled on the workspace and the plan was not queued by a user without write permissions.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If there are no Sentinel policies and the plan can be auto-applied, the run proceeds automatically to the apply stage. (Plans can be auto-applied if the auto-apply setting is enabled on the workspace and the plan was queued by a new VCS commit or by a user with write permissions.)
```

    - If a member of the owners team overrides the failed policy, the run proceeds to the **Policy Checked** state.
    - If an owner or a user with write access discards the run, the run skips to completion (**Discarded** state).
- If the run reaches the **Policy Checked** state (no mandatory policies failed, or soft-mandatory policies were overridden):

>     - If the plan can be auto-applied, the run proceeds automatically to the apply stage. (Plans can be auto-applied if the auto-apply setting is enabled on the workspace and the plan was not queued by a user without write permissions.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If the plan can be auto-applied, the run proceeds automatically to the apply stage. (Plans can be auto-applied if the auto-apply setting is enabled on the workspace and the plan was queued by a new VCS commit or by a user with write permissions.)
```
